
Dear Students and Scholars,
Please read this monthly newsletter for important updates, resources and events! Our goal is to support you while at VU. Email us to highlight a program or update.
ISSS Team


Planning to renew a visa in the coming months?
Join ISSS for the upcoming webinar, Navigating the Visa Interview on April 17th from 8-9am with ArgoVisa. ArgoVisa, a company staffed by former consular officers, will help you understand what to expect at the visa interview and how to prepare. This session will be led by Josef Burton, a former US consular officer who served in India and as a Farsi-language visa officer at the embassy in Turkey. Register here. This session will provide general information and not offer 1:1 coaching. Open to all international students and scholars.

Preparing for International Travel
If you will be traveling internationally, view the International Travel Session webinar recording for important travel reminders/updates and review our website. 
Before traveling, be sure to check your I-20 or DS-2019 for a travel signature. Remember, travel signatures are valid for one year (6 months for students on OPT). 

Inviting your family members to attend graduation?
If you are graduating and planning to invite family who live outside the U.S. to attend commencement, click here to prepare for their visit. We do not issue invitation letters. 


Reminder to Check Your I-20/DS-2019 End Date
If your I-20 or DS-2019 is expiring but you need more time to complete your program, you must submit a program extension request in the ISSS Portal at least two weeks before your I-20/DS-2019 expires. Contact your ISSS advisor with questions.  


Planning to apply for CPT or OPT? Read this!
Before applying, all students must first complete the CPT or OPT workshop modules and quiz. You will upload the quiz results to the CPT request in the ISSS Portal.
If you have questions after completing the workshop, contact your ISSS advisor. 


Survey for sharing international student life experiences.
ISSS is conducting a survey to gather practical information about daily living, such as grocery shopping, finding household items, transportation tips, access to religious communities, and more. The insights shared by current students will help incoming students navigate and improve their daily lives within the Vanderbilt international student community. If you're a current student, please click here to fill out the survey.

Call for housing panelist to share accommodation with!
We're looking for current international students and scholars to participate in the virtual ISSS Housing Panel. If you're interested in sharing your off-campus living experience with incoming students, contact Andrea or Mengling. Date finalized based on your availability!

It's time to apply for Experience Vanderbilt.
Experience Vanderbilt (EV) is a student-led program that provides need-based financial aid to undergrads with funding for extracurricular activities. Apply on AnchorLink before April 30th. Contact the EV Executive Board with questions. 

 (615) 322-2753 |  isss@vanderbilt.edu | 
International Student & Scholar Services | Vanderbilt University 


 
 







