Hello graders! Please note, that if you worked in the last 2 weeks, the pay period ends this Saturday. Please be sure to create and submit your time card by midnight on Saturday, April 13th.
Your time will be reported in KRONOS:
 I will be your point of contact for time cards, please reach out to me, if you have any questions or concerns about your time cards or pay. Here are some guidelines to keep in mind as you plan your work schedule and report your hours. Your time will be reported in KRONOS: 
 Time Card Deadlines
As an hourly/biweekly employee, you will submit a timecard every two weeks. Pay periods begin on a Sunday and end on a Saturday with paychecks issued the following Friday. Always make sure to submit your timecard by the end of each pay period. You will not be paid unless your timecard is submitted by you and approved by your manager by the payroll deadline. 
Total Hours and Breaks
Hours should be reported accurately, only for time worked. All hours are verified with the faculty member. Undergraduate and all international student employees may only work 19 hours maximum per week, please be mindful of that rule when scheduling your work time and submitting your time cards. Hourly employees may not work more than 6 uninterrupted hours without a break – if you ever work more than 6 hours at a time, you must report at least a 30-minute break by adding a row in your time card and adding a new start/stop time. 
 Late Time Cards
If you forget to submit your time card by the deadline, please try to create and submit it as soon as possible and let me know so we can ensure the hours are added to your next paycheck. 
 Open and Submitted
When submitting your time cards, please ensure that your time card is “Submitted.” If it is labeled “Open,” it is not complete and will not be approved.  Please double-check this as you are submitting!


Many thanks, 
Carter 

 
 	Carter Connolley
Undergraduate Administrative Coordinator 
Computer Science
Vanderbilt University | https://www.Vanderbilt.edu
615.343.4917 | carter.r.connolley@Vanderbilt.edu 
Pronouns: He/Him/His
https://engineering.vanderbilt.edu/cs/Undergraduate/index.php

